fix: html DOM Text node content (#23473)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/text/index.md

</html>
```

In that document, there are five text nodes, with the following contents:

> - "`\n`" (after the `<head>` start tag, a newline followed by a space)
> - "`Aliens?`" (the contents of the `title` element)
> - "`\n`" (after the `</head>` end tag, a newline followed by a space)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `"\n    "` (after the `<head>` start tag, a newline followed by four spaces)
- `"Aliens?"` (the contents of the `title` element)
- `"\n  "` (after the `</head>` end tag, a newline followed by two spaces)
```

> - "`\n`" (after the `<body>` start tag, a newline followed by a space)
> - "`\n Why yes.\n \n\n`":
>   - "`\n`" (a newline followed by a space)
>   - "`Why yes.\n`" (the contents of the body element)
>   - "`\n\n`" (after the `</body>` and `</html>` end tags)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `"\n  "` (after the `<body>` start tag, a newline followed by two spaces)
- `"\n Why yes.\n \n\n"` (the contents of the `body` element)
```
